{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0\stshfdbch0\stshfloch0\stshfhich0\stshfbi0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 02070309020205020404}Courier New;}{\f143\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f144\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f146\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}
{\f147\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f148\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f149\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f150\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\f151\froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\f163\fmodern\fcharset238\fprq1 Courier New CE;}{\f164\fmodern\fcharset204\fprq1 Courier New Cyr;}{\f166\fmodern\fcharset161\fprq1 Courier New Greek;}
{\f167\fmodern\fcharset162\fprq1 Courier New Tur;}{\f168\fmodern\fcharset177\fprq1 Courier New (Hebrew);}{\f169\fmodern\fcharset178\fprq1 Courier New (Arabic);}{\f170\fmodern\fcharset186\fprq1 Courier New Baltic;}
{\f171\fmodern\fcharset163\fprq1 Courier New (Vietnamese);}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f2\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 \styrsid11617618 Normal,Novel;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden Default Paragraph Font;}{\*
\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\tscellwidthfts0\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1024\langfe1024\cgrid\langnp1024\langfenp1024 \snext11 \ssemihidden Normal Table;}{\s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\f2\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext15 \styrsid11631428 Plain Text;}}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid135229\rsid141999\rsid273750\rsid542667\rsid549779\rsid1192158\rsid1202940\rsid1247292\rsid1579268\rsid1726740\rsid1790659
\rsid1798564\rsid1966315\rsid1994484\rsid2109823\rsid2127620\rsid2306836\rsid2367385\rsid2371831\rsid2455584\rsid2688429\rsid2774052\rsid2782089\rsid3152527\rsid3213093\rsid4015379\rsid4136671\rsid4159303\rsid4208046\rsid4327766\rsid4349095\rsid4471342
\rsid4874874\rsid5000279\rsid5002009\rsid5048752\rsid5073841\rsid5585585\rsid5727375\rsid5768968\rsid6116487\rsid6234893\rsid6379516\rsid6426989\rsid6642826\rsid6647471\rsid6689701\rsid6693428\rsid7097550\rsid7212419\rsid7485455\rsid7799147\rsid8269964
\rsid8471271\rsid8550744\rsid8551708\rsid8798920\rsid8814367\rsid8862942\rsid8864981\rsid8870466\rsid9061567\rsid9062631\rsid9206839\rsid9324406\rsid9395900\rsid9444432\rsid9728680\rsid9852816\rsid9909632\rsid10176395\rsid10183318\rsid10507584
\rsid10552703\rsid10577744\rsid10618782\rsid10646979\rsid10683254\rsid10751752\rsid10822639\rsid10842813\rsid11093556\rsid11095528\rsid11293400\rsid11617618\rsid11627727\rsid11631428\rsid11804595\rsid11935191\rsid11939495\rsid12125856\rsid12192923
\rsid12198220\rsid12207859\rsid12259113\rsid12353323\rsid12391184\rsid12412327\rsid12466344\rsid12531481\rsid12549016\rsid12651269\rsid12787627\rsid12872221\rsid12916848\rsid12985723\rsid13061002\rsid13065324\rsid13191939\rsid13264512\rsid13324639
\rsid13399671\rsid13452083\rsid13713261\rsid13722915\rsid13795074\rsid13835557\rsid13985022\rsid14384028\rsid14419709\rsid14446183\rsid14492185\rsid14566063\rsid14746306\rsid14778229\rsid14819990\rsid14829546\rsid15233807\rsid15297729\rsid15364110
\rsid15410779\rsid15419969\rsid15496541\rsid15537642\rsid15555210\rsid15671483\rsid15674821\rsid16087804\rsid16195645\rsid16275899\rsid16323512\rsid16416676\rsid16597962\rsid16653495\rsid16712970\rsid16713483}{\*\generator Microsoft Word 10.0.6754;}{\info
{\title Sevopedia ver 2}{\author Jason}{\operator Jason}{\creatim\yr2007\mo8\dy19\hr16\min39}{\revtim\yr2007\mo8\dy19\hr16\min39}{\version2}{\edmins1}{\nofpages4}{\nofwords1087}{\nofchars6197}{\nofcharsws7270}{\vern16391}}\margl1319\margr1319 
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\formshade\horzdoc\dgmargin\dghspace180\dgvspace180\dghorigin1319\dgvorigin1440\dghshow1\dgvshow1
\jexpand\viewkind1\viewscale100\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot\splytwnine\ftnlytwnine\htmautsp\nolnhtadjtbl\useltbaln\alntblind\lytcalctblwd\lyttblrtgr\lnbrkrule\nobrkwrptbl\snaptogridincell\allowfieldendsel\wrppunct\asianbrkrule\rsidroot1726740 \fet0\sectd 
\linex0\endnhere\sectlinegrid360\sectdefaultcl\sectrsid11631428\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}
{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang 
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain 
\s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid11631428 \f2\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\insrsid6379516\charrsid11631428 Sevopedia ver 2.3
\par     - Compatible with Beyond the Sword version 3.02
\par 
\par This file was originally authored by: Sevo
\par     sevotastic.blogger.com
\par     sevotastic@yahoo.com
\par 
\par Edited by Gaurav 1/27/07.
\par Edited by LunarMongoose 8/07/07.
\par 
\par Unit Upgrade Chart by: Vovan
\par     vovansim@hotmail.com
\par 
\par Unit Promotion Chart by: Progor
\par 
\par Civilopedia Index by: Fitchn
\par 
\par \tab 
\par 
\par 
\par About Sevopedia
\par ---------------------
\par 
\par Greetings.  I love cIV, but we all know that they dropped the ball with the civilopedia.  It's imposs
ible to navigate easily and non-intuitive in design.  So this is an improvement.  Sevo's Civilopedia (or...Sevo-lo-pedia, or even Sevopedia, but I digress...)  This mod turns the civilopedia into a nicer, user-friendly, easy-to-navigate reference.
\par 
\par 
\par Features
\par ---------------------
\par * Menus moved to left, with main menu on far left, sub-menu next to it
\par * Main menu list reordered into groups with icons
\par * Sub Menu organized into an easy to read list.
\par * No more hopping away from the top screen when you select a page.  The page comes up
\par     in the available to space on the right 
\par * Includes previously hidden entries (check out the barbarian leader...)
\par * Will easily integrate with almost all existing mods
\par 
\par * Vovan's Unit Upgrade Chart: Will automatically produce upgrade chart for units, even when modded!
\par * Progor's Unit Promotion Chart: Will automatically produce promotion chart, even when modded!
\par * Fitchn's Civilopedia Index: A simple alphabetical index to everything in the Civilopedia, works in all five languages.
\par 
\par 
\par Installation
\par ---------------------
\par Unpack the archive into a temporary directory. Copy the Sevopedia 2.3 folder into your desired folder. You can use either of the following folders:
\par Civ4\\Beyond the Sword\\Mods
\par My Docs\\My Games\\Civ4\\Beyond the Sword\\Mods
\par 
\par You can also copy only the contents of the Assets folder into:
\par My Docs\\My Games\\Civ4\\Beyond the Sword\\CustomAssets
\par 
\par 
\par Version Info
\par ---------------------
\par 
\par 2.3.1 (by LunarMongoose)
\par \tab -- Fixed bug with Building links, which resulted from my trying to do something clever at the last minute that didn't work
\par \tab -- Fixed bug with Improvement links, which resulted from a simple typo in the code
\par \tab -- Fixed Back/Forward history omitter to not omit category selections with no item list (ie Unit Upgrades, Promotion Tree, and Hints)
\par \tab -- Fixed the item list so it has the correct item selected when jumping to something via a button link, jumping to something via a text link, using the Back/Forward buttons, and opening/closing the Pedia. This 
was an unsolved problem until now; Gaurav's solution had been to use a ListBox instead of a Table, but that prevents the display of icons in the item list (which I really want to have). Note: It still doesn't work when using a button link within the same 
category (e.g. viewing a tech and clicking its "Leads To:" tech button). This can only be fixed with some SDK tweaking (to the Widget functions), and while I know how to do it I'm not going to bother due to the pain of distributing SDK components.
\par 
\par \tab -- Went ahead and added the Promotion Tree page
\par \tab -- Added two icons from v.2.2 to the category list, for Promotions and Civs/Leaders
\par \tab -- Added a self.bSortLists flag to the top of CvPediaMain.py, for alphabetical sorting of the item lists. The default value i
s True. Not quite a configurable option yet, but you only have to edit the files in one place to change it now, rather than two.
\par 
\par 
\par 2.3 (by LunarMongoose)
\par \tab -- Beyond the Sword version
\par 
\par \tab -- Mostly rewritten from scratch based on v1.93, may run a little faster
\par \tab -- Does not include most v2.2 features, or Fitchn's Index, or any customizability or options
\par \tab -- Does not include a Promotion Upgrades page, would be easy to add but I don't use it myself and was pressed for time
\par 
\par \tab -- Individual panes now follow my own consistent GUI layout and look much better than v1.93 and vanilla
\par \tab -- Wonders are now seperated into National Wonder and Great Wonder pages, with code to handle linking correctly
\par \tab -- Back/Forward history now omits category-only selections that don't show an entry in the main area, for faster/better history navigation
\par \tab -- Keeps the Back/Forward buttons along the bottom as in vanilla, and the title bar is no longer overriden to show selection names
\par 
\par 
\par 2.2 (by Gaurav)
\par \tab -- New Option: Show Civ Names For Unique (Enabled by Default)
\par \tab -- New Option: Skip Blank Page (Disabled by Default)
\par \tab -- New Option: Show Graphical Only (Disabled by Default)
\par \tab -- New Option: Hide Identical (Disabled by Default)
\par \tab -- All options enabled / disabled from CvGlobalDefinesAlt.xml
\par \tab    Python editing no longer required just to set options.
\par \tab -- Incorporated "Replaced by Mod" by TheLopez, but rewritten in Python.
\par \tab    No DLL required to have this feature.
\par \tab -- Better support for mods which set default units/buildings to NONE.
\par \tab    Unique units and buildings will still be identified as such.
\par \tab -- Civilization screen layout redesign to accomodate more unique units/buildings.
\par \tab -- Era type shown on tech page.
\par \tab -- Wonder class (World Wonder, Team Wonder, National Wonder) identified on Wonders page.
\par \tab -- Miscellaneous layout improvements.
\par \tab -- Support for <bGraphicalOnly> xml tag to hide arbitrary entries.
\par \tab    Sample Civ4UnitSchema.xml provided, all other schemas would have to be written.
\par \tab -- Python hook to add new custom filter options.
\par 
\par 2.1a (by Gaurav) -- Fix for promotion graph so that the new prerequisite types in Warlords to be displayed correctly.
\par 
\par 2.1 (by Gaurav) -- Compatible with Warlords 2.08
\par \tab -- Based on Progor's 2.03 version.
\par \tab -- Included all changes made by Ket in his forked version.
\par \tab -- Upgraded to include all Warlords 2.08 upgrades
\par \tab -- Upgraded to include all Warlords 2.00 upgrades (Ket did not do this).
\par \tab -- Fixed bugs related to redrawing subcategory list.
\par \tab -- Fixed bugs related to scrolling.
\par \tab -- Fixed missing text keys.
\par \tab -- Got leaderhead animations working again.
\par \tab -- Added icon to top of unit category table.
\par \tab -- Various improvements to tech page based on Roamty's Techwindow.
\par \tab -- Miscellaneous layout improvements.
\par \tab 
\par 
\par [Forked version] (by Ket) -- Updated version 1.93 for Warlords compatibility
\par 
\par Note: Progor did not use these version numbers. I use these version numbers to keep them straight myself.
\par 2.03 (by Progor) -- Removed dependency to DiGraph library.
\par 2.02 (by Progor) -- Included Air Unit Fix (by Gaurav)
\par 2.01 (by Progor) -- Fixed issues with updating categories.
\par \tab -- Added Fitchn's Civilopedia index.
\par 2.0 (by Progor) -- Improved unit upgrades graph.
\par \tab -- Added unit promotions graph.
\par 
\par 1.93 -- Fixed error on text page. (Thanks Impaler, Exavier!)
\par \tab Fixed Promotion Scroll problem
\par 1.92 -- Added History directly to Units Page
\par 1.91 -- Fixed minor Enum error in CvPediaMain.py
\par 1.9 -- Fixed in-game load error
\par \tab --Unit Chart now allows jump-to unit
\par 1.8 -- Compatible with cIV 1.52
\par \tab -- Upgraded to include all vanilla 1.52 page upgrades
\par \tab -- Added icons to sub-list
\par \tab -- Added group icons to main list and re-ordered
\par \tab -- Included Vovan's Unit Upgrades Chart
\par \tab -- Fixed Selection errors; fixed re-load 'pedia errors
\par 1.2 -- Allowed for disabling of animations in pedia screens
\par 1.1 -- Fixed 1st item select bug, ? fixed history select bug
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid11631428 {\insrsid6379516\charrsid11631428 1.0 -- Original release
\par }}